Meet & Greet - May 26
VIEW RECORDING - 31 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/P8nxzdfJmoCpWJVM3HacEryVwd4-UiMq

---

0:00 - Phil White (Grounded)
  Nice to meet you.

0:02 - Nick G (Kodeful)
  Yeah, yeah, same. Okay, so just a quick introduction call. Essentially, I am the CTO of the company, and I will be responsible for the project going forward.  So what we did meanwhile, I believe it was like since Friday, last Friday, right? So we assigned developers on the project, and I heard from either Luke or Jovan that you need Phase 1 by the 1st of June, right?  Well, yeah, so we have a big demo.

0:36 - Phil White (Grounded)
  So we have a demo to a client on the 1st of June. That's right, yeah.

0:41 - Nick G (Kodeful)
  Yeah, and that's exactly what we are currently doing, right? So Phase 1 is that we essentially refactor the code base, improve everything in the code base, and on top of that, we are doing UI, redesign platform, right?  I guess that's important for your demo, and yeah, we are essentially... We are going full throttle to finish that by Friday, essentially, so this week.  Amazing. That's amazing.

1:07 - Phil White (Grounded)
  Like, know, Nick, and I know I haven't even chatted, Luke, or anyone through the strategy or the architecture or the code base.  Like, do you need more context? Do you need a bit more understanding about the platform or what it's supposed to do?  Because at the moment, you haven't had anything other than just a code base.

1:27 - Nick G (Kodeful)
  Yes, we have code base, and we have, like, the scope of work from the agreement you have with us, right?  So as of now, we have that. We handed everything over to the development team, right? And essentially, if they and when they have a question, I or someone from the team will follow up with you on Slack with questions like, for example, if we need anything from your side, right?  So to understand how you want essentially a feature, a feature. to work or how you want something to look, et cetera, et cetera, right?  If you have any questions or concerns, yeah, you can tell me, can reach out anytime on Slack. I will be more than happy to help you.  But yeah, for the sake of this call, if you want, we can go through the entire platform so I have more context to essentially hand over to the team.

2:20 - Phil White (Grounded)
  Well, I kind of figured that might be helpful just so you know what I'm trying to achieve when we build the MVP.  So at least, you know, strategically what it's trying to do. And I don't think necessarily, I'm sure the developers are very good, but I don't, I'm not sure they'll necessarily be able to deduce that just by looking at the code base.  So that's, that's probably a good place to start if that's okay. Yeah, definitely. Yeah, okay.

2:45 - Nick G (Kodeful)
  Well, let me bring that up then.

2:47 - Phil White (Grounded)
  Let me just bring the latest version up for you so you can kind of see. I think I, I think I slacked it to you so you have the latest version.  You did, yes. Yeah, but let me just kind of show. I'm this with you anyway, just so you can kind of get an idea.  Okay. So let's start with the five C's. So just by way of a little bit of background, so I've been in brand strategy for 30 years, basically.  kind of worked on most of the brands you've heard of, Coca-Cola, Unilever, Procter & Gamble, Mondelez, PepsiCo, Heineken, Bacardi, you name it, I've done it, basically.  And over the years, I developed a strategic framework for doing landscape assessments to understand where is the biggest opportunity gap for a brand to be able to kind of exploit and commercialize.  So when you kind of see this company competition, can you see my screen? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm following. When you see this company competition, culture, consumer category, this is the kind of model that I've used in my, you know, for my entire career.  to try and figure out where that opportunity gap is. And before AI came along, I did it manually, and I had a team of junior strategists that spent weeks doing it, basically.

4:12 - Nick G (Kodeful)
  I can't believe in that process now with AI and everything.

4:16 - Phil White (Grounded)
  I know, I know, it's crazy. So, basically, the upshot of all of this is we start the assessment. So, as you'll see from the code base, scraping what we can find about the given client company.  And then this is our little proprietary framework for trying to understand how to articulate their belief, their purpose, and their key commercial pursuits.  So, this framework is basically what we use at a company level to aggregate all that information together at a company level and make sense of it in terms of what do they believe about the world?  we build, I From From What, therefore, is their company purpose? So not just in terms of business performance, but in terms of the impact, the positive social and environmental impact they're trying to have on the world.  And then when you kind of break it down, what are the three things they need to do to deliver that purpose and deliver that impact?  And those three things are basically, so what products do they sell and what's different about them? What go-to-market platforms do they use to engage consumers or customers and how is that represented?  And ultimately, what's the quantifiable, measurable impact they want to have on the world? So we call this the BBP, the Belief, Purpose, and Pursuits.  And it's basically like an architectural blueprint on a page for purpose. So originally, initially, when the scraping happens from a company, whether it be from the website or social feeds or reports or news articles or wherever it might be, all the information gets consolidated.  It's summarized into this construct.

6:03 - Nick G (Kodeful)
  Okay. So that's the first thing.

6:05 - Phil White (Grounded)
  And if you want, I can send you more of a description about how each of these works and kind of what goes in it, if it's helpful for the team.  But this is the construct that all that information gets fed into. Then we do the competition. And based on this company profile, what Dan, our previous coder, did, then he set up the AI then to go and find the competitors.  That match this content. And it would automatically go and find, go and find who the competitors might be. So when we switch it to edit mode, it would basically automatically identify all of the competitors that it thought were in the same category or the same competitive landscape as this company.  And in edit mode, what you're able to do then is you're able to go through and just click on them.  And add them. So you could add that one, or you could add that one. And then basically what it would do, it would add those to the platform.  And then as you go in, it basically then says, okay, so what's the competitive positioning? What is the competitive purpose?  And what's the summary for like, what's the summary of those three pursuits that we talked about? At the company level, that can then help translate purpose into profit and create competitive or commercial advantage.  So there's an edit mode that enables you to toggle on and off, and then go through and automatically add those competitors.  And then when you turn it off, it just basically gives you the highlight. It gives you the summary of those competitors' market positioning.  Okay, makes sense, yes. And then, if, and the intent for this tool is to be able to kind of be used not only just as a diagnostic, an online diagnostic, but also potentially a workshop scenario.  So if the client has any more proprietary information, or you want to add any more links or upload any more documents, then you can upload it here, and then you can get the engine to redirect and rerun the analysis.  So, kind of a bit like Notebook LN, basically, where you can upload the information, and then you can rerun the analysis, and it will, it will re, it will basically come back, and it come up with an enhanced version of these three things.

8:45 - Nick G (Kodeful)
  Okay.

8:47 - Phil White (Grounded)
  Are you tracking so far? Does that all kind of make sense? Yeah, everything makes sense so far. Yeah, yeah, great.  Then in terms of culture, so then based on company competition, this is where all these things are connected. So this is the bit that I wanted the guys to understand.  Based on the company and the competition, then what the engine does, it automatically goes out and it finds, looking at news articles and magazines and blogs and research reports and publicly available information, it basically goes out and finds cultural drivers or cultural trends that are most relevant or most pertinent to the company and the competition, and it automatically goes out and finds what it believes those trends are.  Basically. And then what you can do is, it'll sort of summarize it into a cultural observation. It'll talk about, well, what's the underlying tension between the company and the competition and then this kind of cultural trend in observation, what it means for people and therefore what the implication is.  And what the tool then also did is that we gave it a kind of confidence level based on the quality of the links.  References it could find basically and just came up with a confidence level and again because we're using this with kind of global enterprise level executives they're going to challenge it or researchers they're going to challenge it and they're going to say well I don't know I've never heard this before none of our research has picked up on this before which is why we wanted to make sure it had a confidence level and that we could actually display the sources that this information had come from.  Okay if that makes sense and then the idea is that once it's identified basically once it's identified the trends that it believes are most relevant again because you can use this in the workshop when we're consulting with the client we can go through and go actually that's not important or yes that is important and depending on which trend you select it'll then further refine and synthesize and rerun the analysis basically so what what you can do is you can go through it and then you can either you can reanalyze the insights  This page, so it'll go into, it'll go and based on your selections, it will go out and find another set of trends that are more specific or more directed based on the ones you've sent, you've selected, or you can just reformulate.  You can, based on what you select, you can hit reformulate, and then those trends will be factored into the executive summary conclusion, which I'll come to in a second.  So that's how the culture bit works, and again, a bit like Notebook LLM, if you've got proprietary information, or the client's got their own reports, or links, or intelligence, again, that can be factored in, and that can be uploaded as well, basically.  This bit, this is possibly the trickiest, and I think this is the bit that I know, and Mike Oda has been kind of working on for a long time, and I don't think we fully cracked it.  So the idea of the... So is to basically break down the consumer path to purchase. So when anyone's considering buying a particular brand, we've broken down the path to purchase into these distinct phases.  So how do people discover it? How salient or relevant is that brand to them and their lifestyle? How do they evaluate between that and competitive alternatives?  What ultimately influences the choice they make? What makes them stick with that brand? And then ultimately, what helps, what makes them advocate for that brand?  And what we're trying to do here is ultimately what we're trying to do is understand what's the biggest barrier at each stage of this journey.  And the definition of this, each stage of the journey is here. Look, you can kind of see as we go through it or define what each stage of this journey means.  What we're trying to do is figure out what's the biggest barrier preventing people from either moving along that journey or what's the biggest barrier  That's just preventing them from considering that brand in the first place. And that's what we're trying to identify. So what Dan has been doing is he's been basically saying, OK, so the first thing I'll do is I'll scrape things like Reddit and Facebook and YouTube.  In other words, all the spaces and places where people are leaving social commentary or reviews about that brand, scrape that.  And then using this definition, try and break down any barriers that that scraping finds and categorize those barriers under the right spot, basically.  And then what he also does, he kind of looks at the tool behind it automatically builds personas. So based on that scraping, what we were able to do is kind of build some personas here, talk about who they are, how they define themselves, what are their motivations, what are their goals, and what are their biggest frustration points.  So there's two parts to this. There's one is the persona itself of the consumer that's buying that brand, and then it's thinking about each stage of the journey, what's the biggest barrier to purchase, or what's the biggest problem or barrier that's happening at each stage of this journey.  And I'll explain why that's really important in a sec. And again, in edit mode, when you just look at it in normal mode, you can kind of toggle across, and it'll tell you what the barrier, the biggest barriers are, and then it will show you the reviews for the personas as proof.  Say, well, if this is what the system says the barrier is, and here's the persona, and this is what they're saying.  So that's, again, that's the proof. That's the research data proof as to why this barrier is irrelevant. And then in edit mode, again, you can go through and you can actually, as we're going through this with the client, if they have any proprietary information, we can add it here.  And then again, we can go. So actually this stage is more important or this stage is actually the most important so we can kind of change which stage of this journey the system considers is directed to say is important, which will then finally impact the executive summary.

15:22 - Nick G (Kodeful)
  So this bit's important because it's sweeping real consumer insight and data.

15:29 - Phil White (Grounded)
  It's also important in the next phase of development because this is what we're using to quantify, actually quantify the gaps.  So we can start to put metrics or financial metrics against each of these stages of the journey to understand then or calculate what is the actual biggest, what is the quantifiable gap or what is the money that's being left on the table by not addressing one of this barrier.  And by not closing one of these gaps across. At the stage of this journey. But we don't need to worry about that for now.  But I'm just kind of trying to highlight the fact that this is really important to get this right. Yeah.

16:10 - Nick G (Kodeful)
  And one question before we continue. Do you have formulas and essentially your thinking process in the current code base?  So how you calculate everything, things like that? Yes.

16:23 - Phil White (Grounded)
  So not, not quantification yet, but certainly all the links and all the sources and the way that Dan was kind of, you know, grabbing this information, then yes, that should all be in place.  Yeah. Okay.

16:37 - Nick G (Kodeful)
  Great. And if not, just shout and I'll see if I can get hold of it, but it should be.

16:42 - Phil White (Grounded)
  Yeah. It should. And then the final bit is, is category. category. So the category, basically what we're able to do is what's driving the need?  What is the key consumer need within this specific category? So. But this, if it's, this is yogurt, right? This is kids' yogurt.  Yoplait, Petit Falu. Again, what the engine does, it scans publicly for available information, and it arrives at what it thinks are the biggest category drivers.  So the things that are driving consumer behavior are a total category level, or the needs that are driving people's behavior.  So call them need states, in other words. So it will identify what it believes the key need states are, and again, what it has done systematically, it's looked at company, competition, culture, and consumer, to then go, right, okay, now based on all of these four insights, buckets and pillars of insights, these then are the need states that are actually driving the category as to why people would buy yogurt in the first place.  What are they looking for, what and it, and it maps them onto this kind of spider graph, and the point here is to kind of show which is the big.  The category need state, which is the primary category need state that we should be focusing on. And again, when you get into edit mode, you can either remove it or you can select it as a favorite.  So again, when we're doing this in consultation with the client, not all of these category need states are going to be relevant.  So we can just go in and we can select the ones which we believe are most relevant or we can remove them.  Or again, we can redirect it by adding proprietary intelligence or information.

18:33 - Nick G (Kodeful)
  Okay, makes sense. Yeah.

18:35 - Phil White (Grounded)
  So this is kind of what's going on here. Now, when all of these are complete, what it generates then is an executive summary.  And then it summarizes, okay, so what's the company's belief and purpose? And then what we're able to do basically here is decide on the from to.  So based on the competition. competition. So This is what the competition are doing, and this is how the competition position themselves.  So the client company that's taken this test, they need to move from what the competition are doing to a new opportunity or the gap in the competitive positioning.  So that's where the from to comes. Same with culture. This is what the cultural trends are doing. This is what the competition are doing.  So the company question needs to move from doing that to the new opportunity. And again, these to's are always using the company position, belief, purpose, and pursuit as the reference point, as the base reference point, as well as factoring in all the other kind of C's at the same time.  And then you can see it's the from to. So from what consumers are doing, what the biggest barriers are, to here's the thing to overcome that biggest barrier, depending on where that biggest barrier is along the journey.  Bronte from the category. And then this bit, the most important bit, the job to be done, is then the synthesis of all of these from-to statements.  So based on the company belief and purpose, plus the shifts for competition, culture, consumer, and category, therefore, this is the thing, this is the one thing, this is the job to be done that that brand or business should be focused on in order to differentiate itself in the marketplace and capitalize on that opportunity gap.

20:29 - Nick G (Kodeful)
  Yeah, yeah, everything makes sense. And I really like the product, so it's great.

20:38 - Phil White (Grounded)
  But that's only half of it, Nick. So what happens then is, from a sustainability point of view, this is where we basically upload a client's sustainability report, and what the engine does, a bit like Notebook LM, it's some...  It summarizes it, and it kind of pulls it all into here, and it highlights what are the business's biggest sustainability goals and commitments, or what are the things that they're claiming in their report, or the disclosure information that they are actively pursuing, what are their goals, ambitions, and quantified commitments.  And what the tool basically does, you can just upload a sustainability report, or a carbon disclosure report, or whatever it might be, or an impact report, and again, a bit like Notebook LM, it summarizes then what the key goals and commitments are, and then it kind of breaks them down.  And if need be, we can change it, you know, we can change the classification here if we need to, but it will automatically kind of upload it and categorize it in this way.  So that's the second bit. Now, the intention... Intention Action Gap summary, this is the important thing. So what we're actually looking to do then is based on the five Cs, so based on these, and then based on these, what the system does, it basically compares all of the five Cs against all of the sustainability goals and commitments, and then tries to figure out where is the biggest intention and action gap.  In other words, where's the biggest gap between stated sustainability goals and commitments and in-market competitive and commercial positioning? And what we're ultimately trying to do is help the client understand where that gap is, because that gap is ultimately the problem.  Wherever that gap is, and however big it is, and whatever it looks like, that gap is the problem that's preventing them from being able to kind of turn purpose into business performance.  Or take all those investments. investments. Investments they've been making in ESG and sustainability and social impact and translate those into drivers of revenue and competitive advantage and sales.  So this is the most important thing. And what we're basically doing here, then, is what the system does for each of the Cs.  It basically says, well, here's what I compare your 5C and I compare your sustainability, your selected sustainability goals. This is the biggest intention-action gap you have at a company level.  And here's where I got the evidence to support it from, basically. And then at a competitive level, here's the biggest gap versus the competition.  Same for culture, same for consumer, and same for category. Based on each of these, again, what you can go do, you can go through and it will talk about the gap.  It will make some recommendations on next steps. And again, because we're... So this in a workshop, we can give it a confidence level.  So when we're doing this with the client, we can say, how confident are you that this is the gap?  So to your knowledge and your understanding, and then we can adjust the confidence level. And again, by adjusting the confidence level, that will ultimately change the recommendations in the executive summary.  And then underneath all of these things, you've got all the evidence and support. So you can kind of support it with how it arrived at this, how it arrived at this gap, these recommendations in terms of how to close the gap.

24:37 - Nick G (Kodeful)
  And then it provides all of the information.

24:40 - Phil White (Grounded)
  So that's kind of what you get in edit mode. So basically what happens is we go, the system automatically kind of finds the biggest gap against each of these, these five things.  And then ultimately says, right, based on all those five things, and based on what I know about the job.  And then based on what I know about the company's belief and purpose, this then, this is the recommendation about what the biggest gap is and then what we should do to close it.  What are the recommendations? What should we be doing in order to kind of close that gap? So that's kind of how the system works.  The final bit is next steps. And it looks like this isn't kind of working at the moment. Oh, yeah, we're just going edit mode.  So based on the intention-action gap, what it will do, it will then map it to one of our product pillars.  So if that's the biggest intention-action, if this is the biggest intention-action gap here, then what the system then looks at our product pillars and our services and go, Ah, well, if that's the biggest intention-action gap, then this is what you should be.  This is the next step you should take, which is basically a grounded product or service. So a consultancy product or service, basically.

26:12 - Nick G (Kodeful)
  Yeah, makes perfect sense. Yeah.

26:15 - Phil White (Grounded)
  So that's kind of the system. So it's not straightforward, but the structure is very linear and the logic is very linear.  Yeah. And when all of those things are robust and complete, it should actually generate a really meaningful insight. It should really, yeah, it should generate a really interesting hypothesis about what the biggest intention action gap is between how you're performing in market and what your stated sustainability goals and commitments are.  And it's laddering up and the ultimate objective for this tool is a diagnostic tool to help companies try to.  figure out how they take all of their investments into sustainability and social impact and rather than it just be a sunk cost or lost investment or something that they can't get buy-in or support from internally, this tool is designed to unlock that, unlock that problem and help them understand actually how they can turn that into a driver of commercial, driver of business performance and competitive advantage.  So it's a really cool tool in as much as if we can get this to be best in class in terms of how it's ingesting the information, where it's scraping information from, and then the analysis logic behind it, no one else is doing this.  And I know no one else is doing this because no one else has designed this because I've designed it myself.  So I know that nobody else is doing this.

27:53 - Nick G (Kodeful)
  Good job, I really, really like the idea. So yeah, it's great and we will make it even. So yeah, you definitely need UI UX redesign, so I can tell that.
  ACTION ITEM: Send meeting transcript/recording to Kodeful dev team - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/P8nxzdfJmoCpWJVM3HacEryVwd4-UiMq?timestamp=1683.9999  But in terms of logic and everything, I believe I have a good understanding based on what you just told me.  We have this note-taker recording everything so I can use transcript and everything to send to the development team. We have the scope of work from the agreement.  I handed everything over to the developers. So yeah, I believe as of now we are all set. If we have any questions, we will reach out on Slack and then we'll go from there.  But for the first phase, and that's UI UX and essentially code refactoring, I believe we are all set. But yeah, as I mentioned, if we have any questions, I will reach out on Slack and we will figure it out.  Okay.

28:54 - Phil White (Grounded)
  All right. I mean, it's taken as, I'll be really impressed with it because it's taken as months. It's just...  It's to get to this step through constant iteration and trying new things and trying to figure out how to kind of make the system work.  So hopefully you have the benefit of all that learning in the code base. But yeah, all I'd say is just please reach out if anyone has any questions about anything.  Yeah, I'll do my best to answer as quickly as I possibly can. Yeah, I definitely will.
  ACTION ITEM: Log in to Kodeful PM tool via Slack link; review phases/status - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/P8nxzdfJmoCpWJVM3HacEryVwd4-UiMq?timestamp=1763.9999

29:25 - Nick G (Kodeful)
  One more thing before we leave. So let me just share my screen. Can you see this? Yeah, I can.  Yeah, so this is our own internal project management tool, right? I sent you a link on Slack, also your password for the email.  You can use your email address, right? So phil.grounded.world, right? And I sent you everything on Slack. So when you log in, you can see the project, you can see the phases, you can see everything.  So what's in progress, things like that. you're like that Yeah. Let's That's something that will essentially help you track the current state of the development.  So, yeah, that's pretty much it. You have access to this tool. We went through details of how platform works.  We have note taker. We have scope of work from the agreement. So, yeah, I believe we are all set.  I will reach out, as I mentioned. Also, if you have any questions or concerns, please let me know. Reach out anytime.  And yeah, I will give my best to get back to you as soon as possible, even outside of working hours.

30:37 - Phil White (Grounded)
  Sounds great. Yeah. Awesome. Amazing.

30:40 - Nick G (Kodeful)
  Amazing. Thank you so much for your time. And yeah, have a great day.

30:44 - Phil White (Grounded)
  You too. Thanks, Nick. All the best. Bye. Bye, Phil. Bye.
